[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the
motivation hypnotherapy audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that
wherever you you're
listening to this audio, you're
in a safe and comfortable
place, free from
distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and let go.
And enjoy all those peaceful
feelings and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you now to
imagine that you're
in a beautiful garden
with colorful flowers
and immaculate, manicured lawns.
The sun is shining.
And the sky is a clear blue.
The temperature is
just how you like it.
And there's a cool breeze.
There's no pollen
in the air at all.
And you feel happy
and comfortable
in the clean, fresh, pure air.
You take a look around you
at all the beautiful colors.
And you hear the sounds of
the birds singing overhead.
You're calm and relaxed here.
And you feel safe and secure.
And I'd like you now to
take in a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you can
relax deeper and deeper now.
You take a gentle walk
around the garden.
And you're barefoot as you walk.
You can feel the lush,
green grass underfoot.
And you walk towards
some beautiful flowers.
And as you get nearer, you can
smell their beautiful fragrant
scent.
The colors are magnificent,
and they grow brighter
as you approach them.
And now take in another
long, deep breath.
And as you inhale the
rich, fragrant scent,
you relax even deeper as
you exhale gently now.
You take another stroll
around the garden.
And you find a pathway
leading down to a beach.
You follow the path,
stepping down easily
onto the wide steps beneath you
as you go deeper and deeper.
You relax more and more
with every step you take.
And you soon reach the
beautiful beach, which is empty.
And it has a golden sand,
like a fine powder underfoot.
You enjoy the feeling of soft,
powdery sand beneath your feet.
And you take a look
out at the horizon.
You take in the
vastness of the sea.
And you watch as the waves
rhythmically roll in and out
again, one after the other--
gentle, rhythmic waves
rolling towards the beach
and back out again.
The sound of the waves is
peaceful and reassuring.
You feel a sense
of calm and peace
as the sun gently shines down
on you with a warm sea air
gently sweeping over you.
As you walk across the
beach, you feel your feet
sinking further into the sand,
leaving a delicate footprint
behind you as you walk onwards,
relaxing deeper and deeper
with every step you take.
And as you reach the sea's
edge, the waves gently rolling
in and out, you notice how
your feet sink deeper than
before into the wet sand.
You feel the water gently
lap at your ankles.
And it's warm and inviting.
And so you let your toes test
the water with every way that
rolls in and back out again.
And after a while,
when you're ready,
you walk back up the beach.
And there's a lovely deck
chair waiting just for you
on the sand under an
umbrella, offering
just the right amount of shade.
You take a seat, and
you relax deeply now.
You take in a deep
breath and take
in your beautiful surroundings
as you gently exhale now.
You look out the
calming sea again.
And you notice the sky, a clear
blue sky without a cloud in it.
And you're feeling so
relaxed now as you sit
and relax comfortably and
deeply in your deck chair.
As you rest in that chair,
you can allow your mind
to imagine a staircase,
a beautiful staircase
with a polished, ornate
banister running down
alongside a deep,
rich carpet that
feels soft to the touch
underneath your bare feet.
As you look down the
stairs, you notice
that there are 10 steps leading
gently down, 10 steps leading
gently down and down.
And these are the steps
that will lead you
into deep relaxation,
giving you access
to that powerful
subconscious, allowing
you to make those changes
that you want to make today.
In a moment, I'd like you to
walk down those steps with me.
And I'll count them off
for you one at a time.
And you'll find that
the deeper down you go,
the more comfortable on the
more relaxed you will become.
So when you're ready to
walk down the stairs,
I want you to gently place
your hand onto the banister
and begin to slowly descend the
staircase as I count them off
from 10 to 1.
10, deeply relaxed,
deeply comfortable.
9, deeply relaxed,
8, more and more relaxed
now, sinking even further
into relaxation.
7, deeply comfortable,
feeling every muscle release
as you go deeper and deeper.
6, 5, even further into your
deep state of relaxation now.
4, allowing your mind and
body to fully relax as you
sink further into
deep relaxation.
3, comfortable, heavy, any
tension completely gone now.
2, we're almost at the bottom
now, just one more step to go.
And 1, going deeper
and deeper down now
to hypnosis, all the way down
to that deeper, healthier level
of mind, deeper than
you've ever been.
And as you reach the
bottom of the staircase,
letting go of the
banister, you let
go of any worries or concerns.
This is your time.
And you left nothing bother
or concern you at all.
Nobody needs or wants
anything from you.
And you're now standing at
the bottom of those steps,
feeling so very comfortable,
very relaxed, and at peace.
You can allow those stairs and
the ordinary, everyday world
to just fade away, further
and further away now
as you sit deeply into the
comfortable, relaxing state
deeply inside of you.
Your subconscious mind is
still fully alert and aware.
But you're ready for the
changes about to come.
In every day and
every way, you're
now going to start feeling
more and more motivated.
You feel your energy
levels increasing.
And from now on, your need
to get things done grows.
And your enthusiasm
and drive intensify.
From now on, you start to
feel differently about life.
You start to feel much more
positive, much more empowered,
ready to make the changes in
your life that you want to.
I'd like you now to
think about something
you want to get more
motivated about,
perhaps a goal you
want to achieve
or something you've been
putting off for some time.
Take a moment now to visualize
it, to see it, to feel it,
hear it.
And immerse yourself
in your senses.
And notice how
motivated you feel.
See yourself full of energy,
communicating and planning
thoroughly, achieving what you
want to achieve step by step,
day by day.
Imagine you're actually there
now doing whatever it is.
And from this new perspective,
reflect even further
and notice the steps that you
took to achieve this goal.
Take a moment now
to see yourself
growing over the steps and the
journey you took to success.
And see yourself proud
of your achievements.
Feel the confidence it gives you
as you congratulate yourself,
knowing that when you want
to achieve your next goal,
you will be fully
motivated and ready
for the next part
of your journey.
Those feelings become
stronger and stronger day
by day, hour by hour.
And as you start to look
forward to each day,
you're more and more
motivated and more
determined to enjoy each new
experience with each new day
as it comes.
Your motivation is growing more
and more each and every day.
You have much more
drive, much more focus,
and ambition, energy,
and commitment now.
Perhaps you start by
focusing on just one goal,
one thing you want to achieve.
And you take baby
steps to get it done.
You start small.
And maybe you
write a to-do list.
Perhaps it's doing two minutes
of research, just small steps.
Maybe you start by buying
some running shoes if you need
motivation to exercise more.
You take one small step at a
time, building anticipation,
which builds your
motivation day by day.
Each little step takes
you one step closer
as you find that not
only do you do things
that you have to do
every day, you also
begin doing the things
that you really want to do.
And as the days go by,
you feel a satisfaction
and wonderful sense
of achievement.
And this feeling grows stronger
and stronger hour by hour.
Your motivation is growing more
and more each and every day.
You have drive, focus, ambition,
energy, and commitment.
You have a strong desire to
want to make the most out
of your life.
And you want to achieve
everything you yearn for.
You want to see your friends'
and family's look of pride
and admiration as
you achieve so much.
And you thrive on this
feeling of achievement,
which motivates you even more.
You find inspiration all
around you, from what others
have achieved or from
other books, or blogs,
or researching online.
Your creativity surges.
And ideas on how to execute them
comes much more easily for you.
Your mind is full of
positive thoughts,
leaving negative
thinking behind you
now, recognizing that
it no longer serves you,
choosing instead to remind
yourself and think only
about the benefits reaching
your goals will bring you,
the success and happiness
your motivation now brings.
You have complete
faith in yourself
and your abilities as your
confidence, self-esteem,
and motivation grows.
You feel excited, feeling
a sense of something
to look forward to, a
reason to get things done,
which gives more motivation to
move forward and keep going.
You may have a
long journey ahead,
but you'll stay with
it for the long term,
ride out the ebbs and flows,
and commit to seeing you goal
through to the end one
small step at a time.
And as you achieve your goals,
you congratulate yourself,
feeling a sense of pride
and great self-worth,
proud of yourself
and not giving up.
Your motivation is growing more
and more each and every day.
You have drive, focus, ambition,
energy, and commitment.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
And they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count from 1 up to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of 5, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling fantastic,
bringing back with you
all of the wonderful
new feelings.
So coming back now
with 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5,
eyes open when you're ready.